pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/JSSEProvider.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.JSSEProvider
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/InferenceInfoGraphic.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.InferenceInfoGraphic
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/GMailSender.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.GMailSender
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.GMailSender$ByteArrayDataSource
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/VisionProcessorBase.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.VisionProcessorBase
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.VisionProcessorBase$1
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/GraphicOverlay.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.GraphicOverlay
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/PoseDetectorProcessor.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor$1
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor$PoseWithClassification
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/PoseClassifier.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.PoseClassifier
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/AppData.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.AppData
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/FrameMetadata.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.FrameMetadata
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.FrameMetadata$1
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.FrameMetadata$Builder
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/Utils.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.Utils
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/CameraSourcePreview.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSourcePreview
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSourcePreview$1
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/VisionImageProcessor.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.VisionImageProcessor
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/PoseClassifierProcessor.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.PoseClassifierProcessor
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/PoseGraphic.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.PoseGraphic
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/BuildConfig.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.BuildConfig
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/CameraXLivePreviewActivity.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.CameraXLivePreviewActivity
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.CameraXLivePreviewActivity$1
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.CameraXLivePreviewActivity$2
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/EMASmoothing.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.EMASmoothing
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/RepetitionCounter.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.RepetitionCounter
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/preference/PreferenceUtils.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.preference.PreferenceUtils
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/PoseEmbedding.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.PoseEmbedding
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/preference/SettingsActivity.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.preference.SettingsActivity
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.preference.SettingsActivity$LaunchSource
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/ClassificationResult.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.ClassificationResult
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/CameraImageGraphic.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraImageGraphic
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/BitmapUtils.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.BitmapUtils
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/ScopedExecutor.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.ScopedExecutor
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/posedetector/classification/PoseSample.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.posedetector.classification.PoseSample
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/CameraSource.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSource
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSource$1
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraSource$SizePair
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/preference/LivePreviewPreferenceFragment.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.preference.LivePreviewPreferenceFragment
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/java/LivePreviewActivity.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.java.LivePreviewActivity
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/preference/CameraXLivePreviewPreferenceFragment.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.preference.CameraXLivePreviewPreferenceFragment
pt/ipleiria/estg/meicm/ssc/poses/CameraXViewModel.java
 pt.ipleiria.estg.meicm.ssc.poses.CameraXViewModel
